Omnisciently Selective Singles-This website is for heterosexual singles aged 20 to 24 who are so selective that they would get to know someone for at least 100 full years before deciding to marry them, assuming that life expectancy was long enough to allow that. If you do not want to get married and/or you reject monogamy altogether, then this website is also for people who are looking for lifelong relationships from day one, even if they are only business relationships. People who do not have any close nonfamilial friends or prior romantic partners are ideal candidates. 100 years is far too small of a number to describe unimaginable selectivity, so I will stretch your imagination to its ultimate limit. A number like Graham's number is so large that the entire universe cannot contain it. Numbers like TREE(3) far exceed Graham's number. But since the race to create the biggest number continues, I will create my own thought experiment. Imagine a number D. I define D as the largest conceived number by infinite immortal mathematicians. D is the limit of collective infinite human thought over infinite time. Imagine a number E. E makes D look like zero (D/E=1/infinity). E is so big that it will never be conceived by infinite immortal humans, even implicitly. Imagine a number F. F makes E look like zero (E/F=1/infinity). F will also never be conceived. Imagine your circle being of the size E and being chosen from a pool of F people. In such a scenario, you are almost omnisciently selective and you want a truly unquantifiable social circle. If you metaphorically operate on a scale that big, then you truly are a big thinker. I know that this description is impossible and frankly, hilarious, but think about it. If you crave stimulation to the point when you think that even skydiving is too easy, you would want the most stimulating social life possible, and this website is my answer for you. I will not charge you anything, so this website is 100% free. If you want to meet people in person, email me via omar.mahfouz@gmail.com. I will invite you to a group video call.
